# Generative Design of Multi-Principle Element Alloys (MPEA) using NSGAN

## Overview
This repository demonstrates the application of Non-Dominant Sorting Generative Adversarial Networks (NSGAN) in the generative design of multi-principle element alloys (MPEA). NSGAN, an innovative generative design framework, synergistically merges the data generation abilities of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) with the multi-objective optimization capabilities of the NSGA-II algorithm. Drawing from a comprehensive dataset of 1704 MPEA characteristics, this repository presents the complete workflow for applying the proposed framework. Furthermore, it also incorporated the code for an online application built upon the trained NSGAN model, which is developed using Streamlit, a renowned open-source Python library tailored for crafting interactive web applications. This interface facilitates tailored selection of optimization objectives to generate MPEA samples. It allows users to adjust and amalgamate the parameters and objectives to achieve specific desired results. The application is accessible at: https://generativedesignmpea.streamlit.app/.

## Repository Structure

### Dataset
- `dataset/dataset_format.py`: Formatting tools for the dataset.
- `dataset/dataset_parse.py`: Parsing utilities to process the raw dataset.
- `dataset/MPEA_mechanical_database.xlsx`: Comprehensive dataset containing 1704 MPEA characteristics.
- `dataset/empirical_parameter_calculator.py`: Tools for calculating empirical parameters.

### Generated Datasets
- `generated_dataset/`: Directory containing all generated databases.
- `generated_MPEA_WGAN_GP.xlsx`：Generated alloy samples of the WGAN-GP model.
- `generated_NSGAN.xlsx`: Alloy samples generated by the NSGAN model.

### Property Prediction
- `property_prediction/`: Contains code implementations for predicting phase `phase_prediction_RF.py` and mechanical properties `mechanical_prediction_RF.py` using two random forest models.

### Saved Models
- `saved_models/`: Folder housing trained machine learning models.

### Generative Models
- `GAN_models/`: Code implementations of both GAN and NSGAN models: `NSGAN.py` and `WGAN_GP.py`.

### Online Application
- `streamlit/`: Implementation of the online application crafted using the Streamlit library.

## Features
- **Data Parsing & Engineering**: Comprehensive utilities for processing and formatting the MPEA dataset.
- **Property Prediction**: Random forest models to predict the phase and mechanical properties of the alloys.
- **Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN)**: Detailed implementation of the GAN for data generation.
- **NSGAN**: Core of the repository, illustrating the combined power of GAN and NSGA-II.
- **Online Application**: Interactive web application leveraging the NSGAN model, developed with Streamlit.

## Setup and Installation
1. Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/anucecszl/generative_design_MPEA.git
2. Navigate to the directory:
cd generative_design_MPEA
3. Install the required packages:
pip install -r requirements.txt

## Contributions

This project is a collaborative effort between Nick Birbilis and Zhipeng Li:

- **Zhipeng Li**: Responsible for the coding and development of the models.
  
- **Nick Birbilis**: Supervised the study and served as the lead Principal Investigator. 

## Contact

For any inquiries, please reach out via email at [u6766505@anu.edu.au](mailto:u6766505@anu.edu.au).
